In this video you're going to learn how to create a professional looking YouTube banner just like the
one that you see on screen.
It's absolutely free to do.
It's going to take you less than five minutes.
And I'm also going to show you a little tip to make sure that you get the dimensions perfect first time
to create your youtube banner.
Firstly head over to Kanva dot com.
Just create a free account and sign up.
Then once inside you want to come across and click on more.
Here what we want to do is really use one of the YouTube channel art templates in order to make our
YouTube Boehner.
You can see on the left here there are a lot of different banners that you can just use as templates
to really get you started.
So here's one that I like and all that to do is drag and drop it in.
And now I can edit this really suited to my own YouTube channel.
Now you may see as in this example there's a background image that is a paid image but it's very easy
to remove that or to replace it.
What I'm going to do is actually go ahead and use one of my uploaded images.
You can upload these from Facebook or you can upload them from your computer and you use one to really
drag and drop that in in place of the paid image and the paid image will be removed if it is there.
Now I want to go ahead and start to edit this text so my YouTube channel is not going to be about gaming.
It's just imagine it's a bad photography and I go ahead and change the name as well.
So it's very easy to edit the text.
You can edit the colors as well just by clicking on it and clicking to any colors that you want like
the orange.
Looks pretty good so I'm just going to keep that click on the text once again to remove it or to edit
it as you want.
I was going to remove this word because I don't think it really is necessary.
You can reposition the text if I want.
Just click on us.
Move it up if I want to darken the background image a little bit.
Just click on the image come up make the transparency a little bit less.
So that text is really popping now just a little bit more.
One thing that you do have to be careful with with YouTube banners is the dimensions you need to make
sure it's going to fit across all different devices desktop immobile TV etc. to test the dimensions.
What I recommend you do is to download the image that I've linked in the description of this video uploaded
here into Kanva.
It'll appear once the uploaded like this here and then you just want to take it and move it across and
hovered over the banner that you've created.
It's a little bit hard to see here but you'll notice that there is a darker section to this template
when I hovered over and that's really where I want to get all of my text into.
So it's going to be shown properly.
Now I recommend you don't actually put it on the image because it can be hard to get rid of it but just
hovering it like this is the quick tests so I can see that that definitely is not going to fit.
So what I'm going to do is just select the text on all this and really bring it to an a much smaller
size.
Reposition it in the center and I can hover over again still a little bit too big.
So I'm going to take this again move this down center once again.
And the final tests.
It looks like we're all good although I may even just do one more time.
There we go.
Once you're happy with that you just want to click on download the file and then upload that into YouTube.
Now it's your turn heading to combat dot com and use one of the templates to create your youtube banner
for free in less than five minutes.